Casteism:

1. Has the vision behind the policy of reservation failed and has given rise to even stronger casteism feeling?
2. Casteism goes against the spirit of democracy, still why in today's generation political agendas are based around it? Do you think its time to overhaul the entire traditional governmental process of "dealing" with casteism.
3. Has urbanisation and modernisation increased inherent casteist feelings for people by acting as a solution to their need for psychological security?
4. Does lack of education amongst lower strata of economy end up making the "oppressed" preserve their own caste interests and stick to their caste prejudices hence aiding in casteism.


Corruption:
1. Is "increasing salaries" a justified way of tackling corruption? (Police seniors have high salaries but still corruption exists)
2. Has there actually been a sizeable contribution to the Indian economy by corruption?
3. Has huge size and the socio-ethnic diversity of India and the subsequent multiple party system been an aide to corruption?
4. Do you think wrt corruption, India would have benefited from a stronger and more developed administration by training its civil servants to a more professional level with skills in auditing, accountancy, and legal matters?
5. Bribe Giver and Taker deserve similar equally harsh punishments?


Education:
1. Does the primary and secondary curriculum need revamp and add topics/subjects that would help the children get ready for the actual future challenges they will face? If yes, let us know/choose the subjects you deem necessary.
2. Integration of compulsory vocational training in curriculum from senior secondary schools?
3. Standardisation of multiple curriculum available? 
4. UG/PG Colleges should include SOP's, PI's as a part of their recruitment and deviate from cut-off as the sole criteria?
5. Integration and Monitoring of 2 mandatory full time internship in UG Courses. Tie ups btwn Uni and Companies to promote this idea.




Justice system:
Collegium system for selection of court judges need to be revoked.
Euthanasia should be legalised
Prison sentences should be reduced for nonviolent offenders
Death penalty should be abolished
U I form civil code should come into force


StartUps & Innovation:

1. Should encouraging following innovation and encouraging students to go for achieving patents should be a part for the education curriculum.
2. Should "start up ideas" that are plain plagiarizing of existent business models be discouraged by Investors & Entrepreneurial Community  
3. Should State level programs to identify and support actual entrepreneurs be set up? 
3.1 Should it be a national level program?
4. Do you support PG & UG courses focusing on entrepreneurship but with a practical approach to be initiated in govt institues?
5. University Start Up Incubators to be set up in all high performing unis like IIT's & IIM's?


Defence:
1. Should an active federal police institution be set up in India to deal with deals with criminal offences and public law & order as and when needed?
2. Should units of state level police be provided tactical vests, gear and weapons?
3. Should the global aerospace, defense, security and advanced technologies company with worldwide interests be allowed to set up active manufacturing units in India to cater to domestic as well as international needs.
4. If not, should indigenous providers be given a boost to cater to domestic as well as international markets as and when needed.

Disaster/Emergency Management:
1. Should there be a revised National Disaster Plan that defines the tasks of both the communities and local health personnel
2. Should Pre-disaster planning and preparedness be made a mandatory part of secondary school curriculum. 
3. Also should such Planning centres be established and operated in rural areas of mid to high risk levels
4. Should trained and qualified  Emergency physicians be in a position to assume leadership roles within the disaster management 



Tourism:
1. Tourism industry and tourists spots need redefining in terms of customization, service consumption, security and desired products to cater better and attract more people. Should this be a private or a public venture? 
2. Should the Govt be focusing more on the concept of Sustainable tourism 
3. Is there a need for Active social media + mobile campaign by GoI and state govt bodies to change the image of India as a dirty and often unsafe place to aid the above ideas?
4. Should GoI reduce 100 % Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) permitted in tourism sector to let indian companies & hotel chains make the most benefits on a local economy concept?
5. Enhance skill development amidst locals to match growth in the tourism and hospitality  industry and hence help job creations.


LGBTQ:

1. Do you believe it's Time to decriminalize consensual homosexuality and recognition of Same-sex marriages
2. Should govt and private sectores Proceed with Anti-discrimination laws in employment for LGBTQ
3. Should Step-child adoption by same-sex couples be legalized
4. Should Access to IVF for lesbians &/or Commercial surrogacy for gay male couples be legalized
5. Should LGBTQ be allowed to serve openly in the military

Immigration:
1. Should the government speed up the deportation of illegal foreigners and take more stringent measures to prevent the unlawful entry of new ones.
2. Do you feel the above said deportations decision would be shadowed by religion of immigrant
3. State police to be upgraded to detect illegal immigrants moving across state borders?
4. Does special attention to hindu immigrants from Pakistan need to be paid?
5. Will completing the fence border with bangladesh actually help? if not, what else could be done?
Black Money:

1. Black money is all the money whose source/flow is unaccounted for. With such a vague definition, will it be ever possible to track down all actual black money?
2. Do you think Black Money actually benefited the Indian Public in aspects of mortgage and banking sector crisis?
3. Do you think Lower taxes and simpler transaction compliance process will reduce black money (especially in sectors of economy like real estate)
4. Will using tools like information technology (integration of databases), integration of systems and data mining capabilities help the cause?
5. Your take on Amnesty programmes to encourage voluntary disclosure by tax evaders. Is it justifiable to honest tax payers?
6.do you think demonetisation will be able to achieve the intended goals?
7.introduction of a 2000 rupee note is a gods measure?
